feat(lb): reorganize docs for new creation flow and settings (#1759)
scaleway/docs-content: macros/network/lb-create-backend-2-traffic-mgnt.mdx

---
macro: lb-create-backend-2-traffic-mgnt
---

<Lightbox src="scaleway-traffic-management.webp" alt="" />

Traffic management configuration lets you define how your Load Balancer's backend forwards traffic to its final destination backend servers.

1. Select a **balancing method**. This determines how the backend distributes requests between its backend servers. The following methods are available:
        * **Round-robin (default)**: Requests are sent to each backend server in turn.
        * **Least connections**: Requests are forwarded to the backend server with the fewest current connections. 
        * **First available** : Requests are forwarded to the first backend server with available connection slots.

2. Add the **Server IP addresses** of the servers the Load Balancer will forward requests/connections to. These will be your backend servers.

> 3. Choose whether to activate **sticky sessions** (default setting is deactivate). Sticky sessions enable the Load Blanacer to bind a given user's sessions to a specific backend server. If you choose to activate sticky sessions, you are prompted to select either **IP-based** (clients IPs are used to bind sessions) or **cookie-based** (an HTTP cookie is used to bind sessions, and you must choose a name for the cookie).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Choose whether to activate **sticky sessions** (default setting is deactivated). Sticky sessions enable the Load Balancer to bind a given user's sessions to a specific backend server. If you choose to activate sticky sessions, you are prompted to select either **IP-based** (clients' IPs are used to bind sessions) or **cookie-based** (an HTTP cookie is used to bind sessions, and you must choose a name for the cookie).
```
